TODO.md, before:

- check if bingo before victory
- auto fetch profile pictures
  - test with page refresh, then move to round start
- remove 0 wins from api leaderboard
- bad luck counter (how many boxes have been called without any of them being present in your card)
- Improved box search: I'd like to add a filtering system to the "boxes added by other players" section, so you can view only the boxes added by a certain user or only the boxes about a certain user
- Recreate boxes: deleted boxes should be visible on the UI and their creators should have the possibility of reinstating them. If 2. was to be shipped, there should also be a filter to hide deleted boxes, possibly on by default
- Edit boxes: there should be a way to change the wording of a box, possibly with a popup modal and a UI similar to the "Add new box" form
- Description field: each box should have an additional field with a text explanation where the creator can clearly explain what are the requirements for triggering said box. This description would be highlighted when a user tries to check the box

Commit message:

Checking whether a user has a bingo before awarding a victory.

TODO.md, after:

- auto fetch profile pictures
  - test with page refresh, then move to round start
- remove 0 wins from api leaderboard
- bad luck counter (how many boxes have been called without any of them being present in your card)
- Improved box search: I'd like to add a filtering system to the "boxes added by other players" section, so you can view only the boxes added by a certain user or only the boxes about a certain user
- Recreate boxes: deleted boxes should be visible on the UI and their creators should have the possibility of reinstating them. If 2. was to be shipped, there should also be a filter to hide deleted boxes, possibly on by default
- Edit boxes: there should be a way to change the wording of a box, possibly with a popup modal and a UI similar to the "Add new box" form
- Description field: each box should have an additional field with a text explanation where the creator can clearly explain what are the requirements for triggering said box. This description would be highlighted when a user tries to check the box
- test Promise.all in DB connection, check concurrent connections limit on DB side (will have to edit config)
- better ip logging: explicit user; only show in prod, not in dev
